subsys/random: Add cryptographically secure and bulk fill functions (#17736)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/peripherals/entropy.rst

Overview
********

The entropy API provides functions to retrieve entropy values from
entropy hardware present on the platform. The entropy APIs are provided

> for use by the by the random subsystem and cryptographic services. They

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for use by the random subsystem and cryptographic services. They
```

> are not intended to replace random number generation functions.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest: "They are not suitable to be used as random number generation functions."

> are not intended to be replacement random number generation functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not intended to replace random number generation functions.
```
